buckets_limit: improve selection algorithm  to remove consecutive empty buckets from beginning and end (#10764)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/MetricsQL.md

`buckets_limit(limit, buckets)` is a [transform function](#transform-functions), which limits the number
of [histogram buckets](https://valyala.medium.com/improving-histogram-usability-for-prometheus-and-grafana-bc7e5df0e350) to the given `limit`. 

> If the given `limit` is greater than 0 and less than 3, the effective limit will be raised to 3 and the result will contain 3 buckets. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the given `limit` is less than `3`, it will be automatically raised to `3` to preserve the first and last buckets for better accuracy of min and max values.
```

> If the given `limit` is 0 or negative, no buckets will be returned.

Reviewer: Let's fix the code to disallow `<= 0` as the `limit`, since it appears to be meaningless.
